Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. It's a
good refreshing morning.
>> It It is. I think I don't We didn't talk
right before we hit the Well, we mean
other than we didn't plan this, but uh I
was just thinking that same thing. I was
like, "What's the story today?" And uh
the story today is it almost feels like
we're working a 9 to5.
>> I know. Like, yeah. The whole weekend we
took off. Um, Lonnie took care of some
other projects he's working on. I went
camping with the Girl Scouts and we are
ready to get at it.
>> Yeah, man. It was nice. Man, that's the
great thing about having a good for us
having a good sourcing day on Friday.
>> Yep.
>> If we don't have to go out on the
weekend
and get our weekends, like obviously
we're we're still
>> It's been tough, you know, and I even
told him I knew I couldn't go because I
was going to uh be on a trip, but I
said, "Man, there are so many
neighborhood sales. Do you want to go?
But it would just be silly for for us to
source on a Saturday after we did so
well on Friday because we still have a
lot of good stuff to list before that.
>> That's right.
>> So, I mean at some point
>> sometime at some point we got to say
enough's enough.
>> Yeah. It's almost like you're getting
greedy if you're going out buying too
much. I feel you know.
>> So, we left we left all the good stuff
for other people on Saturday.
>> Yep. That's right. But I mean, if we can
keep on just going out Fridays, we'll
we'll ride that train as long as we can.
>> Yeah, I don't mind having my weekends
back.
>> That's right.
>> Okay, so we're going to pull orders this
morning. We sold on all four platforms.
So, we are ready.
>> You've been saying that a lot lately.
Have you noticed that?
>> At least three. Every It seems like
every day at least three.
>> Well, I mean, like on the Mondays, it
seems like you've been saying all four.
>> Once a week at least, it seems like all
four. And man, that Etsy sale was
>> so Oh, yeah. Yeah. You remember now?
>> Right. Yep.
>> Okay, let's get going. On eBay, we sold
a 35 mm field trailer lot.
>> Okay.
>> 14 delta. This is R18.
>> 14 delta. R18.
>> That's down.
>> Okay. It's right here.
>> I think that is that. Yeah.
>> Yep. That's right. I forgot we put one
there. $74.99.
All right. And I changed the way I pack
them. I used I was packing them a little
bigger. And uh this is fun.
>> Yep.
Tim Bravo. Some all-white New Balance
tennis shoes
with a chunky souls.
>> Chunky souls.
>> Chunky soul.
Nothing wrong with a chunky soul.
>> H.
>> $28 for those.
>> Okay. We sold another craft lot. Uh this
is the ribbon.
>> Five alpha labeled RB.
>> Five alpha RB.
>> These were also from the $5 trash bag
filler bag. And I just waded all the
ribbon up.
>> This is number This is the third sale
from that stuff.
>> And so we've now sold $75.
>> Yeah. We're into it for 10.
>> Yeah.
So yeah, 25 for that. Two Charlie, some
Free People Women's High clogs leather.
>> Two Charlie.
Ah, here we go.
>> Those are some cool shoes. I wish they'd
have been my size. $29.99.
>> Well, I'm glad they weren't. Speaking of
my size, uh right before I I started
packing on Friday, I found some uh look
like brand new New Balance like hiking
shoes out here that were my
>> Man came out here and stole them.
>> I did. And you talk about comfortable.
>> Yeah, now they look comfortable.
>> Oh my gosh, they were they were perfect.
>> What did we have them listed for?
>> Well, they weren't listed.
>> Oh, well, even better. Okay, it's even
better when you steal If you're going to
steal from your inventory, you might as
well steal from your unlisted inventory.
>> Steal from your death pile.
>> That's right.
>> Yep. Okay, we sold some more Army
sweatpants. Size 2X 8 alpha.
>> 8 alpha.
This is uh this has been a popular
>> popular size.
>> Popular size.
>> Yep. 1999.
>> The crazy thing is as much as this we as
we sell
Whoops.
As much as we've sold of this stuff, we
still have a lot. It's crazy.
>> Well, there's 12 pair of these left.
>> Yep.
>> They are just bulky. So,
>> Yep. $19.99 for those.
>> They're extra bulky. Not Not because of
the size, but just because material is
>> thick sweatpants.
>> Oh, man.
Oh, I got to get I got to bring magnets
out here. I forgot.
>> Huh?
>> Magnets. Shed flips.
>> I thought you said magnets. I was like,
>> magnets. I know.
>> What are we doing?
>> No, no. The uh I got eight eight shed
flips. Shed flips magnets ready to go.
>> Okay. Yeah, cuz I think we sold one,
right?
>> In the guy drawer. Some Smashbox photo
finish primer. It's in the box.
$24.99 for that.
>> We've always done pretty well with that
brand, too.
>> Yep.
>> Uh GI Joe on card for alpha box C.
>> Okay, we have some more Joe coming out.
It's not Just make sure it's not out of
that box.
>> Nope.
>> Okay,
>> we are looking for
Law and Order Renegades. I found it
right here.
>> Yep. That sold for $47.99. That's That's
why it was huh.
>> Yeah. That's why I
>> I actually listed this whole box. All by
myself.
>> All by yourself.
>> That's right. That's what we sing to
Pippen whenever he uh
>> when we have to leave him.
>> And we come back, he looks like he's on
a Sarah Mccclaclin commercial.
>> He knows that song. Well, that's not
Sarah McLaclin, by the way.
>> Uh But he does look like that. He's got
the big sad puppy eyes.
>> What are you What are you talking about?
Oh, I know that's not Sarah, but I'm
>> She seems like in the arms of an angel
or whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. No, no, no. I know. But who I was
singing was uh
>> Selene.
>> Eric Carmen.
>> Oh, Seline.
>> Oh, okay.
>> 10 alpha some uh what are they? Floor
mats. Man, I can't get it together this
morning. Ford F-150 carmats. Floor mats.
>> Yeah, that's what happens when you have
two days off like that.
>> I know.
All right. It's F-150.
>> Yes.
>> All right. Got him.
>> $34.99.
>> 12 Bravo. A PopMart figure.
>> Okay.
>> Hapaco. The art world.
>> Wonder which way I should go. Probably
this way.
Happy Co.
>> Yep.
>> Hapico.
>> $29.99. Well, he's got a fancy crown
that's taped up or something.
>> That's actually not what the It's a
blind boxer. That's not the figure
that's in there. She's even cuter
>> for a fox trot. Some Keen men's shoes.
They're brown leather, like waterproof.
They got a big rubber toe cap.
>> I think I see them.
>> We just picked those up weekend before
last.
>> Do what?
>> We just picked those up the weekend
before last.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> 40 $49.99 for those. Holy cow.
>> Yeah, they're good. If they were new,
we're talking probably 100 bucks.
>> Wow. All right. H I I kind of knew they
were they were pretty that brand was
decent. I don't think I've ever we've
ever sold anything that good from them.
>> Yeah. I think that's just a really
popular shoe cuz they're waterproof and
they look decent. We sold some vintage
jewelry. A flower brooch pocket 147.
This is a Monae ivory enamel flower
brooch
signed.
I don't know if that worked.
Doesn't work. Same.
$24.99.
>> You tried though. I appreciate the
effort.
>> Yeah,
>> I do.
>> Six echo. A pair of blinko. I think
that's how you say it. Uh they're little
red and yellow vases. Voses.
>> Okay.
I'm going hand you one back.
>> Okay. And these sold for $40.
They're a little dusty. I have to dust
them off.
>> I thought those were cool.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> They got like a crackle finish. Yeah,
they are. If y'all can see.
>> Very cool.
>> Would Would you if they were spelled bl
e n ko or bl i n ko? Would you say it
the same?
>> I know. Maybe it's Blenco.
>> Yeah.
>> I I have a pair of Blenco.
>> Oh my gosh. It's just like pen and pen,
right? Yeah.
>> Okay. I'm sorry. I don't want to start
that up again.
>> All right. Next order is a magnet.
>> Oh,
>> you want to go get it?
>> Yeah. Let me go get it.
>> Okay. We have a magnet going out to
Brad.
>> Number 209.
>> Cooking right along. Definitely slowed
down.
>> Yep.
>> But I'm happy. I'm happy. We paid for
our 3D printers.
>> I'm ecstatic. Okay. We sold a Stanley
nesting cup. By the way, I didn't get to
use mine.
>> Why? Oh, because you didn't need to.
Huh?
>> No.
>> Oh my gosh. If I can even reach
>> my uh the co-leader made a really cool
dish. She made lasagna in a Dutch oven
over open coals.
>> H
>> came out it came out amazing. $20.99 for
that.
in the razor drawer. Some Misha Perfect
Cover Serum. It's per in a purple box.
$13.99 for that.
>> Okay, that's some of that influencer
stuff.
>> Yep.
>> We sold a hat. Hat box D.
>> Okay.
>> Nitrous outlet. It's red and black.
It's probably just right.
>> Is that it? Yep. Make sure it might We
might have bought a couple around the
same time, so I
>> I mean, there's no differentiator on
this listing. $14 for that.
>> Okay.
I mean, I'm not sure we did. That's
That's That's probably it. Three Delta
1961 Ford truck shop manual with a
supplement book. Two books.
>> It turned out these are really uh
I thought it was going to be valuable.
We didn't pay hardly anything for it.
>> Yeah. 1999 for the set.
>> It's Is it three books?
>> It shows two.
>> Okay.
>> 1961 Ford truck 100 to 800 series.
>> Okay. So, this does not go with it.
We got another one for uh Ford 1967 Ford
car.
>> Oh,
>> that's right. I did make two listings.
>> Oh, your paintball gun lots old one
alpha.
>> Yep. That I'm glad I chose to sell them
that way, too.
>> Yeah,
>> we left a little money on the table, but
we do that often.
They sold for $129.99
>> cuz we had the opportunity to buy them
>> at a good price.
>> At a good price, but I didn't really
want to mess with them, be honest.
So, I was like, you know what? It's too
good of a deal to just leave it.
So, I will just sell them as is.
>> I guess it could have helped you out
>> all in one lot. I was looking up
something for the next
>> Oh, no, that's fine.
>> Well, I wanted some info on something.
>> Is that everything?
>> Yeah, that's that's it.
>> Okay, so $129.99. Yep. Okay, we sold
another Urban Decay eyeliner. I was
looking I was curious how many we have
left. We still have 18 left.
>> Wow.
>> We've sold a lot, but we still have a
lot left.
>> Which one is it?
>> Uh LSD.
>> Who?
>> LSD.
>> Jeez.
>> Did you say sweet?
>> No, I said G's. Oh, that's hard.
>> That's a weird response.
>> Sweet. I know. I was like, man, they
really go edgy with these. Uh,
>> well, yeah. Remember what was the one we
had the other day? Fungus or something.
>> $12.99 for that one in the guy drawer.
Annheiser Bush
brass belt buckle.
>> Why is it pronounced Annheiser?
>> Is it an
>> I don't know. It should be Annehooser
>> or Annehauser.
>> Yeah. Arin. Yeah.
>> And Hower. That's my That's my attempt
at a Greek German accent.
>> Ple please. We might have some Germans
watching right now. Sorry.
>> I apologize. I'm not meaning to offend.
$9.99 for that. Oh
>> yeah.
>> Another movie real life.
>> You didn't know it?
>> No.
>> Okay.
>> 10 Alpha R20.
>> It's on 10 alpha.
>> When she says something twice, you know
you're messing up. Well, I don't know
where we're going to put this stuff.
We sold so much big stuff.
>> All right, hang on one second. Okay, so
Candace got me. I was I brought I was
getting this down and I I was walking
around the corner here and just set it
on the bench and Candace goes $74.99 for
that. And I'm like, Candace, who are you
talking to?
>> Yeah, I was talking the whole time like
I was talking to y'all when he was
getting that stuff down. I didn't
realize he had turned the camera off.
>> She's crying.
>> Oh my god.
>> I We had I had to explain because
Candace's like, "They're going to think
I've been crying."
>> $74.99. He goes, "Who are you talking
to?" I'm like, "Who do I always talk
to?"
>> I'm like, "It there's no camera."
Because it when she said that, I I
looked behind me to make sure there
wasn't a camera a camera crew didn't
sneak in.
>> Yeah, we're on a reality show now.
Okay. Five Bravo, right? A set of four
GI Joe on card Dollar General figures
labeled 2011 GDG.
Uh
>> oh my gosh. I know I have mascara
running down my face.
>> It's five Bravo
>> 10. Wait.
>> Huh?
>> What' you say?
>> Five Bravo, right? 2011 DG.
>> Okay.
I don't see it yet. Let me see.
I think maybe right.
See, aren't you a lucky? You're a lucky
lady, Candace.
>> Why? That you make me cry.
>> Yeah.
You're so funny. You can't even
>> Do you see it?
>> No, I don't.
>> Interesting.
>> Okay, that took a second. We was
expecting something on a
>> We was expecting them to be in a box
because it's four cards, but they're
little bitty figures.
>> $44.99 for those.
We sold a magic book. Magic one.
>> I didn't know we had any.
>> I spell magic. F U N.
>> What a corny title.
>> I know.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> It's a black and white cover. Uh,
ringbound.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Black combound.
>> Black and white. I spelled magic. Fun.
>> No, not fun. Fu n.
>> Oh man.
Oh, here it is. Okay.
Oh, old Dick Stoner. Yeah. Yeah. He's a
He was a wacky guy.
>> He's such a crackup.
>> He's a fun guy. H $11.99 for that.
>> Well, that worked on like three levels.
I like that.
>> Five. Bravo.
>> You even connected it to the book and
you connected it to your past reference
to the eyeliner color. That was really
good. That was a deep. And right now I'm
3D printing a mushroom.
>> Ah.
>> Oh, okay. Five. Bravo. Last eBay item.
Lot of two. Bear soap lavender premium
collection silky butter lotion.
>> Man, that's a whole lot of words for
what's what some lotion.
>> Bear soap lotion. Lot of two.
>> Bear soap.
What' you say?
>> Yeah.
>> What? You like clean your bear with
this? What are you talking about?
>> No, you lotion your bear with it.
>> What are you What? Okay, hang on. I have
no idea what this is.
Um, say it again.
>> Lot of two. Bear soak. It's in They're
in a box.
>> Ah,
bear. Oh, I got both words wrong. Bear.
B A R E. Soak. I thought you were saying
bear like
soap. Like scrub with soap.
>> Oh my god. 1999.
>> Okay,
>> we're This is getting out of hand.
Okay, that's all the eBay items.
>> Uhhuh.
>> On Mccari, something went wrong.
>> Oh, well, it's the 500 internal server
error.
>> Yeah. Okay, let me go over uh Poshmark
where I'll figure that out. Some the
last pair of Lucasy uh boot shaft
covers, I believe. Five delta.
>> I didn't even know those sold.
>> Yeah,
>> man. That didn't take that didn't take
long.
>> Nope.
>> Okay. How are they How am I supposed to
find them? They were in that plastic
tote thing. I I think there's only one
pair left. I think that's it.
A mask.
You said five. Five. What?
>> Uh,
Delta.
>> Oh,
I don't think you said Delta.
>> I may not have. I'm sorry. I'm trying to
do five things at once. We got logged
out of Mccari for some reason.
>> Oh,
yep. That's That should be the last pair
in there, huh?
>> Okay.
>> $25. Yep.
>> Got to love that.
>> Down there. You're going to Five Alpha
in the Mask Box.
>> Uh-huh.
>> We're getting a Halloween mask.
>> In the mask? Oh, there is a there is
actually a box named Mask.
>> Yep.
>> I'm like, what? I was like, what do you
mean the mask box? You mean the mask
box?
>> Yeah. I'm about to drop this
>> Harold from scarecrow that we drop. I'm
right here to catch you.
>> Okay, there we go.
>> We're looking for Harold.
>> Candace, these might all sell out of
season.
>> I know.
There he is. Harold, you silly boy.
That was a creepy movie.
All right. That that sold on Mccari
for $35.
>> Wait, where did I get this from?
Couldn't have been there.
>> Alpha.
>> Must have been here.
All right, there we go. Okay.
>> And last item on Etsy. We sold the Bunny
Matthews coffee mug set. 12 Charlie in
the box.
>> Wait, Etsy. Man, Etsy was on fire. Huh?
Oh, did I do that? UH-OH.
>> UH-OH.
>> We got to choose a new new spot.
>> Are we still doing that?
>> Huh?
>> Yeah. Okay,
>> let's But I I thought that was a
challenging one. And it was.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, although the item was good. Really
good.
>> Thank you, Etsy. Thank you, little
>> This is a in a
>> Is that
>> This is a um
>> Enaman enema man.
>> Enma man.
>> Yeah, the more generic version.
>> All right. The buddy Matthews mug sold
for $199.99. Okay.
>> Plus shipping on top.
>> I'm going to pick something out in a
minute.
>> Okay. That's all of our orders.
>> Oh, I thought Oh, did you pull McCari
up?
>> That was that scarecrow mask.
>> Oh, okay. Well, let me go.
>> We had Did we have a second one?
>> No, no, no.
>> I know we had something that canled.
>> No, no. I I thought there was more to
come.
>> Nope. That's it.
>> Um, okay. I'm going to give it something
really hard this time. Let's see if you
can move.
>> Oh, no. I know what I want.
>> What? I want some good glassear. So,
we're gonna set him right here on these
Culver glasses since I'm going to be
listing some more cover today.
>> Look at that.
>> I'm gonna get it moving.
>> Looks like he's sitting on a toilet.
>> I know it does.
>> That would make sense. Yeah,
>> that's fitting. Okay, but yeah, that is
going to be it for this one. Thanks so
much for watching. We'll see y'all again
very soon. Bye y'all. Goodbye.